Chumley:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
SO THIS IS WHY
THE 7 OF YOU ARE HERE--
TO PROTECT THESE 3 CARDS
FROM THE WICKED ONES.
AND I'M AFRAID ONE OF THEM
IS ALREADY HERE.
CALL ME NIGHTSHROUD!
I'LL BE THE ONE TAKING THAT KEY
YOU HAVE AROUND YOUR NECK!
AND TO JUST MAKE SURE OF THAT...
SAY HELLO TO SYRUS AND CHUMLEY!
I'M AFRAID THAT
THERE'S MORE, TOO.
FOR, YOU SEE,
ALSO AT STAKE...
IS YOUR SOUL.
YOU WANNA DUEL?
YOU GOT IT!
NOW, RED-EYES!
ATTACK WILDHEART!
INFERNO FIRE BLAST!
MY DRAW! HAH!
I PLAY
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
RAMPART BLASTER!
NEXT I SUMMON
ATTACHMENT DRAGON!
BLASTER'S MADE
A NEW FRIEND,
A FRIEND THAT FORCES HER
INTO ATTACK MODE!
ALL RIGHT, MY TURN!
[THINKING]
AND FROM THE RATE
THAT ORB IS DISAPPEARING,
MAYBE MY LAST CHANCE
TO SAVE MY FRIENDS...
AND THE WORLD!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[CHUCKLES]
GO, JAY! AAH!
JADEN! THIS ORB'S
GOING GONZO FAST!
JUST HANG IN THERE!
ACTUALLY...
LET'S HOPE IT DOESN'T
COME TO THAT.
UNLESS YOU GET
A MOVE ON IT, IT WILL!
SO DO YOUR FRIENDS A FAVOR
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE...NOW!
IF YOU KNEW
WHAT I WAS PACKIN',
NIGHTSHROUD...
I DON'T THINK
YOU'D BE SO EAGER!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS!
AND IF THAT'S NOT
ENOUGH FOR YA,
I PLAY DE-FUSION,
TOO!
COME APART,
RAMPART BLASTER!
AND ATTACHMENT DRAGON?
ATTACH YOURSELF
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
HUH.
NEXT FROM MY HAND,
I'LL ACTIVATE
FUSION SAGE!
IT LETS ME ADD
A POLYMERIZATION
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND!
HAH!
AND THAT MEANS...
I CAN NOW FUSE
THE CLAYMAN ON THE FIELD
WITH THE SPARKMAN
IN MY HAND TO CREATE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
[THINKING]
IT'S AN EVEN MATCH-UP!
ALL RIGHT, TIME TO SEE
WHO BLINKS FIRST!
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT,
ATTACK RED-EYE'S
BLACK DRAGON...
WITH VOLTIC THUNDER!
GO, INFERNO FIRE BLAST!
[ROAR]
BOTH DESTROYED?!
BUT WHAT WAS
THE POINT, JADEN?
THE POINT IS, NOW THAT
THAT RED-EYES IS GONE...
NIGHTSHROUD IS DIRECTLY IN
BURSTINATRIX'S LINE OF FIRE--
AND I DO MEAN FIRE!
ATTACK, FLARE STORM!
AW, COME ON,
AREN'T YA GONNA FLINCH
OR ANYTHING?
HOW 'BOUT A WINCE?
CAN I GET A CRINGE?
SORRY, BUT I LEAVE ALL THAT
TO MY OPPONENTS.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, WE'LL JUST SEE
WHAT WE CAN DO
ABOUT THAT, NIGHTSHROUD!
I PLAY
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
WITH THIS SPELL CARD,
DURING
YOUR STANDBY PHASE,
I GET TO DRAW CARDS
UNTIL I HAVE 4
IN MY HAND.
BUT THEN DURING
MY STANDBY PHASE,
I HAVE TO RANDOMLY
DISCARD
THE SAME NUMBER OF CARDS
I DREW TO THE GRAVE!
DO WHATEVER
MAKES YOU HAPPY.
IN THAT CASE,
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN, TOO!
AND THAT'S IT!
GOOD. MY DRAW!
YEAH, AND MINE, TOO,
THANKS TO MY MIRAGE
OF NIGHTMARE!
HERE I GO.
WHATEVER.
JUST DON'T
FORGET TO DISCARD
THE SAME AMOUNT OF CARDS
YOU DRAW NEXT TURN, 'KAY?
ACTUALLY, NIGHTSHROUD,
I WAS KINDA THINKIN'
THAT MAYBE I WOULDN'T.
HMM?
I PLAY EMERGENCY
PROVISIONS!
NOW, BY DESTROYING
ONE SPELL CARD
ON MY FIELD,
I GAIN
1,000 LIFE POINTS.
AND THE CARD THAT
I THINK I'LL DESTROY
IS MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
[THINKING]
NOW MIRAGE'S DISCARD RULE
IS NO LONGER IN EFFECT!
SO YOU WERE ABLE
TO AVOID THAT MIRAGE'S
UNPLEASANTNESS,
BUT YOU WON'T BE
AVOIDING THIS ONE'S:
MIRAGE DRAGON!
AND DESPITE HIS NAME,
HIS ATTACK IS NO ILLUSION!
GO, SPECTRUM BLAST!
[GROANS]
NO. I CAN'T
LET IT END HERE!
YOU DON'T HAVE TO!
MIRAGE DRAGON
WILL END IT FOR YOU!
Syrus: CHUM,
IF WE DON'T MAKE IT
THROUGH THIS...
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT YOU'VE BEEN
A GREAT FRIEND.
I LOVE YOU!
HURRY, JAY!
SY'S GETTING MUSHY!
JADEN, THAT ORB'S
DISAPPEARING FAST!
YEAH, WELL, NOT AS FAST AS
THAT MIRAGE DRAGON'S ABOUT TO!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO...
BUBBLEMAN!
AND I ACTIVATE
HIS ABILITY!
SEE, WHEN HE'S
SUMMONED OUT
ALL BY HIMSELF,
I CAN DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS,
ONE OF WHICH...
I'M GONNA USE RIGHT NOW!
SILENT DOOM!
IT LETS ME SUMMON
ONE MONSTER FROM
MY GRAVEYARD
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NEXT I'LL PLAY...
THE FIELD SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS FUSION GATE!
WHAT?!
HMM.
[WHIMPERING]
Jaden: OH, YEAH,
A STORM'S A' COMIN'!
AND IT'S COMIN'
FOR YOU, NIGHTSHROUD!
'CAUSE NOW THAT
FUSION GATE IS OUT,
I CAN FUSE BUBBLEMAN
AND SPARKMAN,
WHO ARE ON MY FIELD
WITH AVIAN,
WHO'S IN MY HAND,
TO CREATE THE MIGHTY
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST!
[SHOUTS]
ALL RIGHT!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
YEAH!
2,800 ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S MORE
THAN MIRAGE DRAGON!
OOH. AAH.
HOT, HOT, HOT...
NOW GO, TEMPEST!
ATTACK MIRAGE DRAGON
WITH GLIDER STRIKE!
[GRUNT]
THERE'S THAT FLINCH
I WAS LOOKIN' FOR!
NO, IT WASN'T.
THAT WAS A TWITCH.
IT'S NOT THE SAME!
I HAD SOMETHING IN MY EYE,
THAT'S ALL, YOU GOT THAT?
IT WAS A TWITCH!
HEY, CALL IT
WHAT YOU WANT...
BUT THERE'S ONE THING
YOU CAN'T ARGUE...
I'M WINNIN'
THIS SHADOW DUEL NOW,
NIGHTSHROUD!
AND I THINK
I'LL END MY TURN
LEAVIN' YOU
WITH THAT THOUGHT...
PLUS A FACEDOWN!
HA! YOU CHUMP.
LIFE POINTS DON'T DECIDE
WHO'S WINNING THE DUEL.
HUH?
IT'S THE CARDS YOU HOLD.
AND IF YOU
DON'T BELIEVE ME,
I'M QUITE CERTAIN
THAT THIS ONE HERE
WILL PROVE IT TO YOU!
YEAH, RIGHT.
I BET THAT
YOU'RE JUST BLUFFIN'.
[GROWLING]
OR NOT.
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
DID YOU HONESTLY THINK,
KEY-KEEPER...
THAT YOU COULD GET RID OF
ALL MY DRAGONS SO EASILY?
THAT YOU COULD SIMPLY
BANISH THEM ALL
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
AND THEN
BE DONE WITH THEM?!
MMM. THAT'S KINDA
WHAT I WAS HOPIN' FOR.
WELL, YOU CAN JUST
KEEP ON HOPING,
BECAUSE I SUMMON
THE RED-EYES BLACK CHICK!
SO, THEN...
THAT'S YOUR BIG CARD?
THAT'S RIGHT.
UNTIL I USE CHICK'S
SPECIAL ABILITY, THAT IS!
YOU SEE, BY SENDING
CHICK TO THE GRAVE...
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
FROM MY HAND...
HIS DADDY!
THE FULL-GROWN
RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON!
[ROAR]
[GASP]
ACTUALLY,
THAT'S NOT QUITE TRUE.
AS BIG AS
THIS RED-EYES IS,
THEY CAN STILL GET BIGGER!
RED-EYES,
I NOW SACRIFICE YOU...
TO BRING OUT...
RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON!
[WHIMPERING]
AAH!
OHH!
NOW THE MOLTEN ASHES
OF MY FALLEN DRAGONS
BOIL UP FROM
THEIR FIERY GRAVES,
ABLAZE WITH NEW LIFE,
EACH GRANTING MY RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON
300 ADDITIONAL
ATTACK POINTS!
[GRUNT]
4,500?!
HE CAN'T WITHSTAND THAT!
IT'S OVER!
THE SPIRIT KEY,
YOUR FRIENDS, YOUR SOUL.
WITH DARKNESS DRAGON'S
ATTACK,
THEY'RE ALL MINE!
SO GO, INFERNO DARKFIRE!
END THIS!
RED-EYES DARKNESS DRAGON!
OBLITERATE HIM!
INFERNO DARKFIRE!
[ROARING]
OHH...
[ALL GRUNTING]
DON'T THINK SO!
I GOT A TRAP!
GO, NEGATE ATTACK!
WHAT THE--
THAT'S RIGHT!
YOUR ATTACK'S
BEEN CANCELLED!
AND NEGATE ATTACK ENDS
YOUR BATTLE PHASE
SO YOU CAN'T ATTACK ME
ANYMORE THIS TURN!
HMM. OH, WELL...
TILL NEXT TIME.
HMM. THERE'S SOMETHING AMISS.
A SHADOW RIDER.
THIS KEY'S TELLING ME...
ONE'S CLOSE.
[GASP]
THE SPIRIT GATE KEY--
IT'S SHAKING.
[CHIRPING]
STOP DANCING!
SORRY, BOSS!
JUST TRYIN' TO KEEP RHYTHM
WITH THAT SPIRIT KEY!
YAHH!
ACTUALLY, WHAT IS
THAT TREMBLING?
[MOANING]
HMM.
[THINKING]
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING,
SHEPPARD?
GETTING YOUR STUDENTS INVOLVED
IN A BATTLE WITH SUCH STAKES...
BUT THEN,
WHAT OTHER CHOICE DID YOU HAVE?
AFTER ALL,
IF THOSE SHADOW RIDERS
GET A HOLD OF THOSE 3
SACRED BEAST CARDS...
THEY'LL BE DESTROYED
NO MATTER WHAT.
WE ALL WILL.
ALL RIGHT! MY DRAW!
FIRST OFF, I SUMMON
WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL SWITCH
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST
TO DEFENSE, AS WELL!
THEN I'LL CALL IT
A TURN!
THAT'S FUNNY.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'D CALL IT?
A WASTE OF TIME.
AND TIME,
IN CASE YOU FORGOT,
IS VERY MUCH OF THE ESSENCE
RIGHT NOW.
WELL...AT LEAST
FOR YOUR FRIENDS
WHO ARE ABOUT
TO BE DEEP FRIED, IT IS!
DON'T YOU LISTEN
TO HIM, JADEN.
JUST CONCENTRATE ON
WINNING THE DUEL!
AW, DEEP FRIED?!
I'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO
LOOK AT A FRENCH FRY AGAIN.
THOUGH I'LL PROBABLY
STILL BE ABLE TO EAT THEM.
JADEN. HURRY UP.
YEAH...I KNOW.
THAT LAVA...
IS BEGINNING TO LOOK
REALLY RESTLESS.
Chumley:
IT'S HOTTER THAN MY DAD'S
HOT SAUCE IN HERE!
[GROWLINGÑ
LA-DEE-DA.
WHAT TO DO, WHAT TO DO?
HOW 'BOUT
YA MAKE YOUR MOVE?!
OH, RIGHT, IT'S MY TURN.
SORRY.
I SUMMON SPEAR DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, SPEAR DRAGON,
GIVE THAT WROUGHTWEILER...
SOMETHING TO CHEW ON!
ATTACK!
CYCLONE BLAST!
WROUGHTWEILER DOESN'T
ROLL OVER THAT EASY!
SEE, BY SENDING HIM
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
NOW ACTIVATES--
ONE THAT LETS ME FETCH
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
AND POLYMERIZATION
FROM THE GRAVE
AND PUT THEM
INTO MY HAND!
AAH!
AAH! AAH!
HA HA HA!
DON'T GET
AHEAD OF YOURSELF.
WHEN SPEAR DRAGON ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
IF ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE GREATER THAN
THE DEFENDING MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
THE DIFFERENCE IS
DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
HOWEVER,
AS YOU CAN SEE,
SPEAR DRAGON
MUST THEN SWITCH
TO DEFENSE MODE.
AND NOW FOR THE MATTER
OF YOUR TEMPEST
AND HIS SPECIAL ABILITY?
SINCE YOU CAN SAVE HIM
FROM BEING DESTROYED
IN BATTLE
BY SENDING ONE CARD
ON YOUR FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I'LL GET RID OF
THE CARD ON YOUR FIELD
BY PLAYING THIS!
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON!
AAH!
NOW, KEY-KEEPER,
JUST TRY SAVING YOUR TEMPEST!
RED-EYES DARKNESS DRAGON,
ATTACK!
INFERNO DARKFIRE!
[GASPING]
IT'S YOUR MOVE...
IF YOU HAVE
ANY STRENGTH LEFT TO MAKE IT!
[GROANING]
JADEN!
OH, NO!
[NIGHTSHROUD LAUGHING]
Alexis: ENOUGH!
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
SAYS WHO?
SAYS ME AND THIS!
I HAVE
A SPIRIT GATE KEY, TOO.
LET MY FRIENDS GO...
AND I'LL LET YOU
DUEL ME FOR IT
AND HAVE MY SOUL
EITHER WAY.
I KNOW YOU.
YOU CAN'T LOSE!
SO JUST LET THEM GO
AND DEAL WITH ME!
Jaden: NO!
I WON'T LET YOU, ALEXIS!
[GRUNTING]
I MEAN, AFTER ALL...
I'M JUST ABOUT TO WIN THIS!
HE'S DELIRIOUS.
I AM NOT!
WHAT I AM...
IS ABOUT TO GET MY GAME ON!
Syrus:
WELL, YOU BETTER HURRY!
Chumley: I DON'T WANNA
BE A FRENCH FRY!
AAH!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S NOW OR NEVER.
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART IN ATTACK MODE!
[YELLING]
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD WILD HALF
FROM MY HAND.
AND NOW WILD HALF'S
GONNA CUT YOUR MONSTER
IN HALF!
SEE, WHAT IT DOES
IS TAKE THE ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON
AND SPLIT IT
BY SUMMONING
A MONSTER TOKEN
WITH THE SAME
ATTACK POINTS
TO THE FIELD!
BUT BECAUSE OF
ALL THE DRAGONS
IN NIGHTSHROUD'S
GRAVEYARD,
THEY STILL HAVE
3,300 ATTACK POINTS
EACH!
I'M GETTIN' TO THAT!
NEXT UP...
IS POLYMERIZATION!
WHICH I'LL USE
TO FUSE...THESE TWO!
NOW, WILDHEART,
MERGE WITH BLADEDGE
TO CREATE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDEDGE!
AND ONE A' THE THINGS
THAT PUTS HIM ON THE EDGE
OF BEIN' WILD...
IS THAT HE CAN ATTACK
ALL THE MONSTERS
YOU HAVE OUT
AT THE VERY SAME TIME!
YOU JUST GO AHEAD
AND DO THAT, THEN!
HE STILL HAS
LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN MY DRAGONS.
AGAIN WITH
THE ATTACK POINTS!
ALL RIGHT,
I GUESS IT'S TIME
I FINALLY ADDRESS
THAT LITTLE ISSUE
FOR YOU GUYS,
OR BETTER YET,
LET SKYSCRAPER
DO IT FOR ME!
WHAT?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
I PLAY
THE FIELD SPELL CARD...
SKYSCRAPER!
HUH? OH!
AND ONCE WILDEDGE IS
DONE WITH YOUR DRAGONS,
YOU'RE GOING TO BE
SCRAPIN' THEM
OFF THE PAVEMENT!
'CAUSE HERE, HEROES GAIN
1,000 ATTACK POINTS!
NO WAY!
IMPOSSIBLE!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW GO, WILDEDGE!
ATTACK THE RED-EYES
DRAGONS AND SPEAR DRAGON
WITH SCIMITAR SLASH!
[GROWLING]
AAH!
[SHOUTING]
THAT'S GAME!
NOOO!
AAH!
SY...CHUMLEY...
[GROAN]
JADEN!
AAH!
[GASP]
WHAT THE--
WE'RE ALIVE.
WE'RE ALIVE!
UNH.
HUH?
[GROANING]
HE DID IT! JADEN DID IT!
YEAH!
BUT...
WHERE IS JADEN?
HMM.
[GASP]
LOOK THERE!
HUH?
Syrus: JADEN!
JADEN!
WAKE UP!
Syrus: HE'S NOT MOVING!
COME ON, JAY!
SY, HE'S FINE!
TIRED, MAYBE,
BUT WHO COULD BLAME HIM?
NOT ME.
I'M TIRED,
AND I DIDN'T
DO A THING.
JAY!
DON'T DO THIS.
WHY?! WHY?!
HE'S OK...
WHICH IS MORE
THAN I CAN SAY
FOR NIGHTSHROUD.
HMM.
[THINKING]
AT LEAST WE'LL BE SAFE
FROM HIM NOW.
OHH.
HUH?
ALEXIS...
[GASP]
IT CAN'T BE!
JADEN! HOLD ON!
WE'RE COMING!
Chazz:
WHAT HAPPENED?
Chumley: ONE OF
THE SHADOW RIDERS
CHALLENGED JADEN
TO A DUEL!
SO?!
WHAT HAPPENED?
DID HE WIN?!
Chumley:
HE SURE DID, CHAZZ!
IT WAS
A LISHUS BATTLE!
THERE WAS LAVA,
DRAGONS,
SOME TALK
OF FRENCH FRIES!
SO IS THAT HIM?
THE SHADOW RIDER?
[CRYING]
ALEXIS?
IT'S HIM, ZANE.
IT'S HIM.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW, BUT...IT'S HIM.
HUH?
I...I THOUGHT I'D LOST HIM,
BUT HE'S BACK.
HE'S FINALLY BACK.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WHO'S BACK?
LOOK AT HIS FACE.
IT'S MY BROTHER.
[GASP]
[CRYING]
ATTICUS?
Alexis:
IT WASN'T HIM BEFORE,
BUT THAT CARD TOOK AWAY
WHATEVER DARKNESS
WAS HOLDING HIM.
HE'S BACK NOW.
Zane: AND IF THIS
IS HOW IT IS
AFTER YOU WIN A DUEL...
JUST THINK WHAT IT'S LIKE
WHEN YOU LOSE.
THE SUN MAY BE
COMING UP NOW,
BUT NIGHT WILL
FALL AGAIN SOON,
AND WHEN IT DOES...
WE MUST BE READY.